EPISODE 25: The Absent Path (Master Opening)
if math_continue == true && docter_medicine_denied == true
(Math and babes post: A blurry, low-angle photo of a random girl in a club bathroom on her knees, taking Math's cock. Caption: "While the main girl is away... 😈🔥")

(Continue for all)

if mc_dave_lisa_tag_along_ep24 == true && lisa_know == false
(Late that night...)
(The storm begins to pass. Cell service is finally restored.)

(Dave's chat)
D: Bro!
D: Finally got a signal again
M: Dave! Thank god. Are you guys okay?!
D: Yeah, we're safe.
D: But holy fuck dude, that was terrifying
D: I was genuinely shitting bricks. The waves were tossing this massive yacht around like it was a plastic toy.
D: The crew rushed us all up to the captain's cabin to bunker down.
D: (Picture: Selfie of Dave and Lisa huddled together in the captain's cabin. They look disheveled and a bit wet, with Lisa wrapped in a thick blanket, but safe.)
M: Glad to see you guys in one piece.
D: Captain says the worst of the storm broke. We are heading back to the marina now.
D: Kinda killed the mood for the night though 😂
D: The husband didn't even come up here. Captain said he has his own secure room below deck. Crazy rich people shit.
M: I can imagine man. Just get back safe.
D: Will do bro. I'm exhausted. I'm going to sleep the entire day tomorrow.

(Continue for all)

if mc_dave_lisa_tag_along_ep24 == false || (mc_dave_lisa_tag_along_ep24 == true && lisa_know == false)

(SOCIAL POST — IZZY: A picture of a glass of red wine. Caption: "🍷✨")

(The next morning...)
(Lily's chat)

L: Good morning baby!
L: Did you sleep well?
L: I ended up just having a super quiet night in the hotel.
M: Good morning, baby.
M: I did… got some good rest.
L: Exactly! Although it wasn't quiet for long... Izzy just burst in like a hurricane hihi.
L: She just got back from her date with Samuel.
M: Just got back? It's morning there right?
L: I know! She completely skipped sleep...
L: She looks exhausted but satisfied. She's been telling me all about it while trying to take her makeup off.
M: I can only imagine the details...
L: Oh, she spares no details hihi.
L: She sent me some pictures last night while I was already asleep. Look.
L: (Picture B_1: Selfie of Izzy in a bathroom mirror wearing lingerie)
M: She definitely went all out.
L: She did! And Samuel matched her energy.
L: (Picture B_2: Selfie of Izzy in that same bathroom mirror with the same lingerie, but now a black male is behind her groping and kissing her neck)
M: Damn
L: Yea, now you understand why she is like this now
L: (Picture B_3: Picture of Izzy face-planted and drooling into the hotel bed)
M: Let her sleep. What are your plans for today?
L: Well, since Izzy is going to be out cold for hours, I thought I'd treat myself.
L: I'm going to go do a little shopping! The stores here are amazing and I want to find something special.
M: Sounds like a great idea. Send me pictures of what you try on.
L: You know I will!

if math_continue == true && docter_medicine_denied == true (SECRET NTR)
L: Oh and I'll send them to Ma—
L: To Izzy I mean
M: To Izzy? But she's out cold
L: She'll see them when she wakes up hihi
M: haha I guess so

else if math_continue == true && docter_medicine_denied == false (OPEN NTR)
L: And to Math of course
M: Of course
M: Maybe he could post something
L: Maybe hihi

else (math_continue == false - NTS PATH)
L: And to Leo of course
M: Of course, how could I forget

(Continue for all)
L: Love you babe
M: Love you too

(2 hours later...)
(Lily's chat)

L: Okay baby, I'm at the boutique.
L: I picked out a few things. Tell me what you think!
L: First option... very summery and innocent.
L: (Picture B_4: Selfie of Lily in a dressing room wearing a flowy, floral sundress that stops mid-thigh. It's cute and bright.)
M: That looks beautiful on you.
L: It's nice, right? But maybe a little too safe.

if math_continue == true && docter_medicine_denied == true (SECRET NTR)
L: I feel like a good girl in this... hihi. Let's see if the next one is better.

else if math_continue == true && docter_medicine_denied == false (OPEN NTR)
L: Math just said it makes me look like a good girl... hihi. Let's see what he thinks of the next one.

else (math_continue == false - NTS PATH)
L: Leo said the colors are perfect for a daytime portrait, but I want to show off a bit more.

(Continue for all)
L: Let's turn up the heat a bit.
L: (Picture B_5: Lily wearing a sleek, incredibly tight black cocktail dress with a plunging neckline showing off her tits)
M: Wow. That's definitely not safe.
L: hihi I feel so sexy in this one. I might have to save it for a special date night.
L: But I also found something... strictly for underneath.
L: (Picture B_6: A picture of Lily in lingerie)
M: Oh my god...
L: It gets better
L: (Picture B_7: Lily in the same lingerie but with a butt plug in her ass)
M: Thats crazy...

if math_continue == true && docter_medicine_denied == true (SECRET NTR)
L: I wonder what kind of trouble this will get me into...
L: Should I buy this one? I have a feeling I'm going to need it before this trip is over...

(Math and babes Post: Clearly Lily in the lingerie and the tail giving a blowjob to Math eyes covered)

else if math_continue == true && docter_medicine_denied == false (OPEN NTR)
L: Math is litterly drooling…
M: Did he send a drooling emoji?
L: No... He's like acctualy here
L: (Selfie of Lily in the same lingerie with the buttplug in and Math behind her hugging her)
M: Oh shit
L: Were gonna make a couple pics for the page real quick
L: hihi
M: Well don't let me stop you guys
L: But should I buy it?

else (math_continue == false - NTS PATH)
L: Leo is practically begging me to let him paint me in this...
L: Should I buy it? I have a feeling I'm going to need it before this trip is over...

(Continue for all)
M: Buy it. Immediately.
L: Consider it done.
L: By the way, crazy switch but... did you hear from Dave or Lisa this morning?

if mc_dave_lisa_tag_along_ep24 == false (MC WAS OBLIVIOUS)
M: No why?
L: I heard there was like a big storm...
M: Oh shit... Il tekst him right away
(Dave's chat)
M: Yo bro. Lily just told me about a storm? Are you guys okay?!
D: We're fine, but holy shit dude. It was terrifying.
D: The waves were tossing that massive yacht around like it was a plastic toy. We had to bunker down in the captain's cabin for hours.
M: That sounds insane. I'm glad you guys are safe.
D: I genuinely thought we were going down at one point.
D: Totally killed the mood for the night. We barely made it back to the marina in one piece.
D: We got back to the hotel a few hours ago. Lisa is completely out cold.
D: We are dead tired bro. Gonna sleep the entire day. Talk later.
M: Get some rest, man.

else if mc_dave_lisa_tag_along_ep24 == true && lisa_know == false (MC ALREADY KNEW)
M: Yeah, Dave actually texted me about it late last night while it was happening.
L: Oh my god! Are they okay?!
M: They're fine. They had to bunker down in the captain's cabin for a few hours while the boat got tossed around, but they made it back to the marina safe.
L: That sounds absolutely terrifying...
M: Dave said it totally killed the mood for their night. He told me he's basically going to sleep the entire day.
L: I don't blame him! I'm just glad everyone is okay.
M: Me too. Just enjoy your shopping trip today, babe.
M: Love you
L: Love you too baby

if math_continue == true && docter_medicine_denied == false (CUCK NTR PATH)

(Math and Lily spicy social Post: Clearly Lily in the lingerie and the tail giving a blowjob to Math)
(Lily's chat)
(30 minutes later...)
L: Did you see the post
M: I did
L: A lot more happened but... Math says you cant see
M: oh
L: But you're still my husband so…
L: (Picture CUCK_1: A POV picture of Lily getting fucked in her ass with the plug laying on her back and her hair being pulled)
M: Fuck...
L: Now I gotte go..
L: Love you
M: Love you too

if math_continue == true && docter_medicine_denied == true (SECRET NTR)
(Math and babes post of Lily getting fucked in her ass but eyes covered with a black block)

(Continue for all)

(JUMP TO LINE 454)

else if mc_dave_lisa_tag_along_ep24 == true && lisa_know == true

(4 hour later...)

(Dave's chat)
D: Bro!
D: Finally got a signal again
M: Dave! Thank god. Are you guys okay?!
D: Yeah, we're safe.
D: But holy fuck dude, that was terrifying
D: I was genuinely shitting bricks. The waves were tossing this massive yacht around like it was a plastic toy.
D: The crew rushed us all up to the captain's cabin to bunker down.
D: (Picture: Selfie of Dave, Lisa, and Mia huddled in the captain's cabin. They look stressed and slightly wet. Lisa is wrapped in a thick blanket, and Mia looks annoyed but fine.)
M: Glad to see you guys in one piece.
D: Captain says the worst of it is over. We're slowly making our way back to the marina.
M: That's a huge relief.
M: How is Lily holding up? She told me she was getting really scared before the signal cut out.
D: ...
D: Bro.
D: That's the thing.
M: What?
M: Dave!, what's wrong!?
D: Lily isn't up here with us.
M: What do you mean she isn't up there?!

if lily_join_lisa == true
D: Lisa burst into the cabin right after me and Mia. But she was alone.
D: I asked her where Lily was, since they were both down there together doing... you know.
D: Lisa said when the boat violently lurched, the crew yelled to get upstairs. Lisa ran for the stairs, but she thought Lily was right behind her.
D: Bro, I think she's still trapped below deck with the husband.

else (lily_join_lisa == false)
D: When the crew started yelling for everyone to get upstairs, it was complete chaos. The deck was slipping everywhere.
D: I grabbed Mia, and I swear I thought Lily was right behind me.
D: But when they locked the cabin door... she wasn't here.
D: Bro, I have no idea where she went. She must still be below deck.

(Continue for both lisa_know == true)
M: Fuck...
M: Is she safe?! Can you go look for her?
D: The captain told us not to leave the cabin until we are fully docked...
D: The hallways are probably still tilting like crazy.

THE NTR PATH
if math_continue == true (NTR PATH)
M: Dave, please. You have to go find her. I need to know she's okay.
D: Ugh, alright. Fuck.
D: Give me a minute. I'm going to wait for the captain to look the other way and slip out.
M: Be careful man.
(10 minutes later...)
D: Okay, I slipped out of the captain's cabin.
D: Bro, the interior stairs to the lower deck are locked down by the crew.
D: I couldn't get down there from the inside.
M: So what are you doing?
D: I had to use the side hatch to get out onto the lower exterior walkway.
D: It is slippery as fuck out here, dude. The wind is still going crazy.
D: I’m holding onto the railing for dear life.
M: Be careful bro!
D: I’m trying. I'm inching my way along the side of the lower VIP suites.
D: (Picture NTR_1: POV shot from the dark, slippery exterior deck. Rain is lashing against the lens. A few feet ahead, a single small yacht window glows with warm light against the pitch-black storm.)
D: One of them has the lights on. I'm gonna look inside.
M: Is she in there?!
D: Wait.
D: I think I found them.
M: Is she okay?!
D: (Picture NTR_2: POV shot looking through the thick, rain-streaked yacht window. It's dark and the angle is slightly obscured by the water on the glass. Inside the dimly lit, luxurious room, you can see Lily and the husband standing very close together.)
D: She's... safe from the storm, I guess.
D: But bro.
D: (Picture NTR_3: Taken a few seconds later through the same wet glass. Lily is pressed back against the wall of the cabin. The husband has her face in his hands, and they are making out aggressively. Lily's arms are wrapped around his neck.)
D: They're making out.
D: Like, really going at it. He's practically swallowing her face.
M: Fuck...
D: What the fuck do I do, bro?!
D: Do I bang on the glass? Do I try to find a door and break in?
D: Tell me what to do!
M: No, don't intervene.
D: Are you serious?!
D: Your wife is swapping spit with this guy while we're in the middle of a storm!
M: Think about it, Dave. If you bang on the glass or cause a scene right now....
M: He owns this boat. He has his own crew. We're in the middle of the ocean.
M: Just let it be… please
D: You're insane.
D: But fine. I'm freezing my ass off and gripping this rail too hard to fight a billionaire anyway.
D: I'll just go back to the cabin
M: WAIT!
M: Can you still see whats going on?
D: Bro I'm risking my live out here
D: Il see what I can do...
(5 minutes later...)
D: Bro… Things are escalating fast.
D: He didn't even bother taking his pants fully off. Just unzipped.
D: He picked her up and set her on the edge of the mahogany desk.
D: (Picture NTR_4: Through the window, Lily is sitting on the edge of the desk. She is completely naked now, her clothes tossed onto the floor. Her legs are wrapped tight around the husband's waist. He is leaning into her, dominating her space.)
M: She didn't stop him...
D: She didn't even try, bro. She's pulling him closer.
D: Fuck, he's just shoving it in.
D: (Picture NTR_3.5: Low-quality, slightly shaky photo filmed through the rain-spotted window. Lily is getting railed on the desk.)
D: I can't hear a single thing over the wind and the waves.
D: But the way her eyes are rolling back... she looks like she's losing her mind.
M: She's taking all of it.
D: Yeah....
(2 minutes later...)
D: FUCK!
M: What?! What happened?!
D: I slipped. The boat tilted hard and I lost my footing.
D: My boot slammed right into the metal siding under the window. It was loud as fuck bro.
M: Did they hear you?!
D: I ducked down instantly. I'm pressing myself against the deck.
D: Give me a second... I'm going to peek back up.
(2 minutes later...)
D: Bro...
D: (Picture NTR_5: POV shot from the dark, rainy deck looking at the same window, but now thick, heavy velvet curtains have been drawn completely shut from the inside. Only a sliver of light escapes from the bottom edge.)
D: They covered the window.
D: He definitely heard it. He shut the curtains.
M: Fuck... Now we can't see anything.
D: I'm completely locked out. And I'm freezing.
D: I'm heading back to the side hatch before one of his crew members comes out here to check the noise.
D: I can't stay here.
M: Go. Get back to the cabin. Be safe.

(MC tries to contact Lily directly to test her)
( Lily's chat)
M: Lily?
M: Dave said you're stuck down there. Are you okay? It must be so scary being all alone in the dark.
(5 minutes later...)
M: Lily, please answer me. I'm worried about you being by yourself.
(10 minutes later...)
M: Just tell me you're safe!
(No response... You smirk at the screen, knowing exactly how "alone" she really is behind those curtains.)
(15 minutes later...)
(Dave's chat)
D: Made it back to the cabin. I'm soaking wet and shivering.
D: The engines just shifted pitch. The captain said we're entering the marina.
D: Lisa and Mia are getting ready to head out to the main deck.
D: We're docking now.
D: I'll text you when we're off this floating nightmare.

(JUMP TO MARINA ARRIVAL CONVERGENCE NODE)

THE NTS PATH
else (math_continue == false - NTS PATH)
M: Don't risk it Dave. It's too dangerous to walk around if the boat is still rocking.
D: You sure? I can try to sneak out.
M: No, stay put. The husband is down there somewhere, he wouldn't just let her get hurt.
M: I'm going to try texting her directly again.
D: Aight bro. Let me know if she answers. I'm stressing out here.

(You open Lily's chat)
M: Lily!
M: Dave said you aren't in the captain's cabin!
M: Where are you?! Are you safe?

(2 minutes later...)
L: Baby!
L: Yes, I'm safe... I finally have a signal again.
M: Thank god. Where are you?
L: I'm... below deck.

if lily_join_lisa == true
L: When the alarm went off and the boat tilted, Lisa ran for the door.
L: I tried to follow her, but...
L: He grabbed my wrist.
L: We were already doing so much before the storm hit... I was already so worked up.
L: And then suddenly Lisa was gone, the heavy door was locked, and the boat started tossing everywhere.
L: The fear of the storm is just mixing with how turned on I already was.
L: It's so intense baby.

else (lily_join_lisa == false)
L: When everyone was rushing upstairs, I lost my balance.
L: I slipped near the stairs and fell... it was so scary.
L: But then he was just there.
L: He caught me, picked me up, and carried me down into this secure room. He locked the heavy door so the water wouldn't get in.
M: Are you hurt?
L: No... he was actually really gentle when he caught me.
L: But now I'm just... trapped down here. With him.

(Continue for both NTS paths)
M: It's okay Lily, the storm is passing. Dave said the captain is taking the boat back to the marina.
L: I know... but the boat is still rocking so much.
L: And it's so quiet in here.
L: He hasn't spoken a single word to me.
L: He's just standing there. Watching me text you.
M: What is he doing?
L: He just took his shirt off.
L: Baby... my heart is pounding so fast. I'm terrified of the storm, but...
L: Being locked in here with him...
L: It's making me feel something else.
M: Use that feeling, Lily. Let him take control.
M: Focus on him, not the rocking of the boat. Give yourself to him.
L: You want me to? Baby, my hands are trembling.
L: He just pointed at me. He wants me to undress.
M: Do it for him. Show me.
L: (Picture NTS_1: Selfie of Lily peeling off her black bikini, standing in just her panties in the dimly lit, luxurious walk-in closet. The tension is palpable in her wide eyes.)
L: He stepped closer. God, he is so dominant. He just pulled me against him.
L: (Picture NTS_2: POV picture looking up at the husband and sucking his cock)
M: You're doing so good, baby. Let him use your mouth to wait out the storm.
L: (Picture NTS_3: Close up selfie of Lily while jerking his black cock with her other hand)
L: He just pulled me up. He lifted me right onto the mahogany desk.
L: (Picture NTS_4: Picture taken by the husband of Lily completely naked, leaning back on her hands with her legs spread wide. The husband is standing between her legs, looking down at her intensely.)
M: Take him, Lily. Take all of him for me.
L: He's sliding it in. Fuck!
L: (Picture NTS_5: Selfie picture taken by Lily. She's holding the phone up to catch her own flushed face and his chest/waist as he rails her on the desk. Every time the boat rocks, he thrusts deeper. She's moaning loudly, completely lost in the rhythm and the danger of the storm.)
M: Fuck, you look so beautiful taking him like that.
L: (Picture NTS_6: Blurry action selfie, Lily biting her lip, her eyes rolled back in pure ecstasy as she’s pounded against the desk.)
L: He's getting close baby... I can feel him tensing up.
L: He pulled out.
L: (Picture NTS_7: Selfie of Lily on her knees on the cabin floor. Thick ropes of the husband's cum are splattered across her face and lips. She looks dazed, breathless, and incredibly satisfied.)
M: Perfect. You were perfect.
L: The engine sound just changed. We must be getting into the marina.
L: He just zipped up his pants, handed me a warm towel, and walked out of the room. Still hasn't said a single word.
L: Thank you for guiding me baby. I don't know what I would have done without you talking me through that panic.
L: I'm going to get dressed and head up to the main deck to find Dave and Lisa.

(JUMP TO MARINA ARRIVAL CONVERGENCE NODE)

// === MARINA ARRIVAL CONVERGENCE NODE ===
(LAND MARINA ARRIVAL CONVERGENCE NODE)
(The storm breaks. The yacht finally docks at the marina.)

(SOCIAL POST — LISA: Picture of the dark marina dock reflecting the yacht lights. Caption: "Survived the storm. Barely. 🌊⚓")

(Dave's chat)
D: We're off the boat. Standing on the dock now.
D: (Picture MARINA_1: Candid shot of Lisa and Mia standing on the wet dock. Lisa is wrapped in a thick towel, looking exhausted but strangely satisfied. Mia is fixing her hair, looking completely unbothered.)
D: The adrenaline is completely crashing. I feel like I could sleep for a week.
M: Is everyone together?

if math_continue == true (NTR PATH)
D: Yeah. Lily just came up from below deck.
D: (Picture MARINA_2: Candid shot of Lily standing a few feet away from the others on the dock. Her hair is slightly messy, and she has her arms crossed, looking at her phone.)
D: Bro... I can't even look her in the eye.
D: She's standing there adjusting her hair, acting like she was just hiding from the storm.
D: I feel sick knowing what we just watched her do.
M: Just keep it together Dave. Don't say anything to her.
D: I won't. I just want to get back to the hotel.

else (NTS PATH)
D: Yeah, Lily just came up.
D: (Picture MARINA_2: Candid shot of Lily standing a few feet away from the others on the dock. Her hair is slightly messy, and she has her arms crossed, looking at her phone.)
D: She looks a little flushed, but she says she's okay. Thank god.
D: Lisa has this crazy smug look on her face though. Mia is just sipping water like nothing happened.
D: Rich people are weird, bro.

(Continue for both)

if dave_lily == true
(Lisa's chat)
L: Hey. We made it to land.
M: Dave told me. I'm so glad everyone is safe.
L: Yeah, we're safe.
L: But I just wanted to tell you...
L: Don't think the storm washed away what was happening before all hell broke loose.
L: Me, Dave, and Lily... we have unfinished business.
L: It's just postponed. (;
M: I understand. Get some sleep, Lisa.

set dave_lily_pending = true

(Dave's chat)
D: We just got a taxi.
D: It is dead silent in here. Everyone is completely drained.
M: Get some rest, man. We'll talk tomorrow.

(Lily's chat)
L: We're in the taxi baby.
L: I am so physically and emotionally exhausted.
L: I can barely keep my eyes open.
L: I'm just going to collapse into bed as soon as we get to the room.
M: You earned it. Sleep well, Lily. I love you.
L: I love you too. Tomorrow is a new day.

(CONTINUE FOR ALL CHATS)

(At the end of the day…)
(Lily's chat)
L: I'm in bed baby...
L: I'm so tired
L: (Selfie of Lily snuggled in bed)
L: I love you
M: Hey!
M: You look sleepy baby
M: I love you too

(END OF EPISODE 25)

EPISODE 25: MASTER ASSET LIST (UPDATED)
SOCIAL POSTS (5)

Math and Babes Post (Secret NTR Opening): A blurry, low-angle photo of a random girl in a club bathroom on her knees, taking Math's cock. Caption: "While the main girl is away... 😈🔥" DONE

Izzy's Post: A picture of a glass of red wine. Caption: "🍷✨" DONE

Math and Babes Post (Secret NTR Mid): Clearly Lily in the lingerie and the tail giving a blowjob to Math, eyes covered. DONE

Math and Lily Spicy Post (Open NTR End): Clearly Lily in the lingerie and the tail giving a blowjob to Math. DONE

Math and Babes Post (Secret NTR End): Lily getting fucked in her ass but eyes covered with a black block. DONE

PICTURES (24)

Dave/Lisa Cabin Selfie: Selfie of Dave and Lisa huddled together in the captain's cabin, looking disheveled and wet. DONE

Picture B_1: Selfie of Izzy in a bathroom mirror wearing lingerie. DONE

Picture B_2: Selfie of Izzy in that same bathroom mirror with the same lingerie, but now a black male is behind her groping and kissing her neck. DONE

Picture B_3: Picture of Izzy face-planted and drooling into the hotel bed. DONE

Picture B_4: Selfie of Lily in a dressing room wearing a flowy, floral sundress that stops mid-thigh. DONE

Picture B_5: Lily wearing a sleek, incredibly tight black cocktail dress with a plunging neckline showing off her tits. DONE

Picture B_6: A picture of Lily in lingerie. DONE

Picture B_7: Lily in the same lingerie but with a butt plug in her ass. DONE

Open NTR Dressing Room Selfie: Selfie of Lily in the same lingerie with the buttplug in and Math behind her hugging her. DONE

Dave/Lisa/Mia Cabin Selfie: Selfie of Dave, Lisa, and Mia huddled in the captain's cabin, looking stressed and slightly wet. DONE

Picture NTR_1: POV shot from the dark, slippery exterior deck looking at a single glowing small yacht window. DONE

Picture NTR_2: POV shot looking through the thick, rain-streaked yacht window at Lily and the husband standing very close together. DONE

Picture NTR_3: POV shot through the wet glass showing Lily pressed against the wall, making out aggressively with the husband. DONE

Picture NTR_3.5: Low-quality, slightly shaky photo filmed through the rain-spotted window. Lily is getting railed on the desk. DONE

Picture NTR_4: Through the window, Lily is sitting completely naked on the edge of the desk, legs wrapped around the husband's waist. DONE

Picture NTR_5: POV shot from the dark deck looking at the same window, but now thick, heavy velvet curtains are drawn completely shut. DONE

Picture NTS_1: Selfie of Lily peeling off her black bikini, standing in just her panties in the dimly lit walk-in closet. DONE

Picture NTS_2: POV picture looking up at the husband and sucking his cock. DONE

Picture NTS_3: Close-up selfie of Lily while jerking his black cock with her other hand. DONE

Picture NTS_4: Picture taken by the husband of Lily completely naked, leaning back on her hands with her legs spread wide. DONE

Picture NTS_5: Blurry action selfie, Lily biting her lip, her eyes rolled back in pure ecstasy as she’s pounded against the desk. DONE

Picture NTS_6: Selfie of Lily on her knees on the cabin floor, thick ropes of cum splattered across her face and lips. DONE

Picture MARINA_1: Candid shot of Lisa and Mia standing on the wet dock, Lisa wrapped in a towel. DONE

Picture MARINA_2: Candid shot of Lily standing a few feet away from the others on the dock, hair slightly messy, arms crossed. DONE

Lily Sleep Selfie: Selfie of Lily snuggled in bed. DONE

VIDEOS (2)

Video CUCK_1: A POV video of Lily getting fucked in her ass with the plug laying on her back and her hair being pulled. DONE

Video NTS_1: Selfie video taken by Lily. She's holding the phone up to catch her own flushed face and his chest/waist as he rails her on the desk. DONE








